TnPC

Final year of bachelor or master’s programme consists of campus recruitment which is a vital process of any Institute. Every year, companies visit to campus for mass recruitment of final year students. Thus, every undergraduate student must know which company is recruiting in the campus, when it is coming, what job profile it needs and what selection process it is going to keep. In every college, various seminars and programs are organized regarding training and placement purpose where prior information needs to be provided to the concerned students. Hence, a system is needed for rectifying all the errors and to spread out required information to the concerned students in less amount of time.

Every college has a TPO, i.e. Training & Placement Officer, who is regularly notified about various campus recruitment. He then passes the required information to the TNPC coordinators of concerned department. At last, TNPC coordinators are solely responsible for awaring every concerned candidate of the respected department. He/she does that by notifying in the departmental cell or by physically conveying them. Thus, there is no strict and procedural system that reduces all the human errors and inform the undergraduate students in masses in comparatively less time.

Technology reduces time and effort of human. Current system involves a load of manual work which may or may not by prone to human error. Thus, if a system reduces this work load of a coordinators or officers and could be accessible from any network then it would turn the whole cumbersome and time consuming objective of awareness to simplest and technological objective of communication in a texting amount of time, which our developed application serve. Our concerned application is android based and the same application can be developed on cross-platform as of iOS and Windows, but initially we are concentrating on android platform as it is world’s most widely used Smartphone Operating System 
